Burger King® Breakfast Sandwiches

You can have your eggs and sausage and biscuits
sitting next to each other on the plate like
all the traditional folks out there, or you 
can get vertical with this top secret breakfast-in-sandwich
from the world's number two fast food chain.
And if you prefer a croissant to a biscuit,
I've got that version for you, too (along with
the special way to get bigger, circular croissants).
A great way to make the eggs for these breakfast 
sandwiches is to pour the beaten egg into a well-greased
mold made from an empty pineapple can.  Just cut both
ends off an 8-ounce pineapple can - you know, the short
cans that have crushed or sliced pineapple inside.
Oh, and take the pineapple out.  Then, before you know it,
you'll be making perfectly round eggs like the fast food pros. 

Biscuit Sandwich
1 small can (5 biscuits) Pillsbury Grands Buttermilk Biscuits  
melted butter
Non-stick cooking spray
5 eggs
salt
ground black pepper
10 ounces ground breakfast sausage (such as Jimmy Dean) or 10
 slices of bacon 
5 slices American cheese 

1. Prepare biscuits following instructions on the can 
(bake at 350 degrees for 15 to 18 minutes). When you remove the
 biscuits from the oven brush the top of each with melted butter. 
 
2. Spray a skillet over medium heat with non-stick cooking spray.
 Open both ends of a clean, small, sliced pineapple can. Spray the
 inside of the empty can with the non-stick spray, and then place
 the can in the pan to heat up. Use more than one can if you'd like
 to speed up the cooking process.
3. Beat an egg, then pour it into the empty can mold, add a bit 
of salt and pepper, and cover with a saucepan lid. Cook for a 
couple minutes, then scrape a knife around the edge of the egg
 to release it. Remove the can, then turn the egg over and cook
 it for another minute or two. Repeat with the remaining eggs. 
4. If using sausage, form 2-ounce portions of sausage into patties
 with the same diameter as the biscuits. Cook the sausage in another
 hot skillet over medium heat until brown. If using bacon, cook the
 bacon and drain on paper towels.  
5. Slice a biscuit in half through the middle. Build each sandwich
 by first stacking egg on the bottom half of the biscuit.
 Next arrange sausage (or 2 slices of bacon) on the egg,
 then a slice of American cheese. Top off each sandwich with 
the top biscuit half, then zap it in the microwave for 15 to 20
 seconds to help melt the cheese. Repeat with the remaining 
ingredients.
Makes 5 sandwiches.

Croissan'wich®
1 8-ounce can Pillsbury Original Crescent Rolls
4 eggs
salt
ground black pepper
8 ounces ground breakfast sausage (such as Jimmy Dean) or 8
 slices of bacon 
4 slices American cheese

1. Prepare the rolls by first unrolling the dough out of the can.
 Separate the dough into four sections, each made up of two triangles.
 Detach the triangles by tearing along the diagonal perforation,
 then reattach the dough along the outside parallel edges, 
pinching the dough together along the middle. This will make one
 bigger triangle. Loosely roll the dough, from the wide end,
 all the way up. Now, bring the ends around so that they overlap
 and the roll is in the shape of a circle. Press the ends together
 and place the roll onto a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining
 dough, then bake following the directions on the package 
(bake at 375 degrees for 11 to13 minutes). 
2. When the rolls are done baking build the sandwich using the
 above steps 2 through 5 in the recipe for the biscuit sandwich clone. 
Makes 4 sandwiches. 

