Burger King® BK Broiler

This grilled chicken sandwich was introduced by
America's number-two burger chain in 1990, and
soon after the launch the BK Broiler was selling
at a rate of over a million a day.  Not good news
for chickens.
This one's easy to duplicate at home.  To clone
the shape of the chicken served at the burger giant,
you'll simply slice the chicken breasts in half,
and pound each piece flat with a mallet.  Pounding
things is fun.  Let the chicken marinate and then
fire up the grill.  The recipe makes four sandwiches
and can be easily doubled if necessary for a king-size
munch fest.

Marinade
3/4 cup water
2 teaspoons ketchup
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon liquid smoke
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1/8 teaspoon oregano
dash onion powder
dash parsley

2 chicken breast fillets
4 sesame seed hamburger buns
1 1/3 cups chopped lettuce
1/4 cup mayonnaise
8 tomato slices

1. Make the marinade by combining the ingredients in a medium
 bowl.
2. Prepare the chicken by cutting each breast in half. Fold a 
piece of plastic wrap around each piece of chicken and pound 
the meat with a tenderizing mallet until it is about 1/4 - inch
 thick and about the same diameter as the hamburger buns. Place 
the chicken into the marinade, cover it, and chill for at least
 four hours. Overnight is even better.
3. Preheat your barbecue or indoor grill to high heat. Grill the
 chicken for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until done.
4. Toast the faces of the hamburger buns in a pan or griddle, in 
a toaster oven, or facedown on the grill. Watch the buns closely
 to be certain that the faces turn only light brown and do not burn.

5. Build each sandwich from the top down by first spreading about 
a tablespoon of the mayonnaise on the toasted face of a top bun.
6. Spread about 1/3 cup of chopped lettuce over the mayonnaise.
7. Arrange two tomato slices on the lettuce.
8. Place a chicken breast on the toasted face of the bottom bun.
9. Flip the top part of the sandwich over onto the bottom and scarf
 out.
Serves 4. 


Tidbits
Liquid smoke is a flavoring found near the barbecue sauces and 
marinades.  Use hickory-flavored liquid smoke if you have a choice.


