Carl's Jr.® Ranch Crispy Chicken Sandwich

We'll use elements of the Carl's Jr. Bacon Swiss 
Crispy Chicken Sandwich clone recipe to whip up one
of the other Carl's Jr. crispy chicken sandwiches,
because I always say you can never have too much crispy
chicken.  This fried chicken breast sandwich includes
lettuce and tomato, and is slathered with a clone of Carl's
tasty ranch dressing.  Use the recipes together and you 
can easily serve up two different sandwich clones for 
different tastes, with little extra effort.  And you diners
will be so impressed.  

Ranch Dressing
1/3 cup mayonnaise
2 tablespoons sour cream
1 tablespoon buttermilk
1 1/2 teaspoons white vinegar
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon lemon juice
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon parsley
1/8 teaspoon onion powder
dash dill weed
dash garlic powder
dash ground black pepper
2 teaspoons hot water
1/2 teaspoon unflavored gelatin

6 to 8 cups vegetable shortening
1 egg
1 cup water
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
4 chicken breast fillets
4 sesame seed hamburger buns
4 lettuce leaves
4 tomato slices

1. Preheat 6 to 8 cups of shortening in a deep fryer to 350
 degrees.  If you don't have a deep fryer, you can also pan 
fry using a large frying pan, and just a couple cups of shortening.
2. To prepare the ranch dressing, combine all of the ingredients
 except the water and gelatin in small bowl. Mix the water with 
the gelatin in a small cup until all of the gelatin is dissolved.
 Add this gelatin solution to the other ingredients and stir. 
Cover and chill the dressing until it's needed.
3. Beat the egg and then combine with 1 cup of water in a small, 
shallow bowl. Stir.
4. Combine the flour, salt, paprika, onion powder, and garlic 
powder in another shallow bowl.
5. Pound each of the breast fillets with a mallet until about 
1/4-inch thick. Trim each breast fillet until it is round.
6. Working with one fillet at a time, first coat each fillet
 with the flour, then dredge it in the egg and water mixture.
 Coat the chicken once again in the flour and set it aside until
 all of the fillets have been coated.
7. Fry the chicken fillets for 8 to 12 minutes or until light
 brown and crispy.
8. As chicken is frying, prepare each sandwich by grilling the
 face of the hamburger buns on a hot skillet over medium heat.
 Spread about 1 1/2 teaspoons of the ranch dressing on the face
 of the top and bottom buns.
9. On the bottom bun, stack a leaf of lettuce and a tomato slice.
10. When the chicken is done frying, remove the fillets from the 
fryer and drain on paper towels or a rack for a couple minutes.
11. Stack one fillet on the bottom of the sandwich (on top of 
the tomato), then top it off with the top bun. Repeat the 
stacking process for each of the sandwiches.
Makes 4 sandwiches.

