Cinnabon Cinnamon Roll

Serving Size : 12  
Categories : Rolls  
INGREDIENTS:
 DOUGH 
1/4 cup warm water, 1 cup milk -- room temperature 
1 large egg -- beaten, 1/4 cup butter -- softened,
 1 tablespoon sugar 
1/2 teaspoon salt, 4 cups all purpose white flour
1/2 package instant vanilla pudding mix (3.4 oz box) 
1 tablespoon bread machine yeast FILLING 1 cup brown sugar
 -- packed 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1/4 cup butter -- softened
 CREAM CHEESE CINNAMON FROSTING, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
4 ounces cream cheese -- softened, 1/4 cup butter -- softened 
1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/2 tablespoon milk, 1 1/2 cups powdered
 sugar
*********
 Preparation Instructions: Dough; (Add the dough ingredients,
 in the order listed, to the bread machine and prepare using 
the dough setting. On a lightly floured surface, roll out to an
 18" by 30" rectangle. The dough can also be handmade. If you
 use regular yeast, you may want to let the rolls proof for
 15-30 minutes after assembly). Filling In a small bowl, mix
 brown sugar and cinnamon. Spread the softened butter over the
 dough and evenly sprinkle on the sugar and cinnamon mixture.
 Starting at the long edge of the dough, roll up tightly. Mark
 the roll every 2 inches. With a thread cut the roll by placing
 the thread under the roll at your mark, crisscross over and 
pull to cut. Place rolls into greased 8" or 9" baking pans 2" 
apart. Cover and let rise in a warm, draft free place until 
almost double, approximately 1 hour. After rising, rolls should
 be touching each other and the sides of the pan. Bake at 350 
degrees F. for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Cream 
Cheese Cinnamon Frosting In a small bowl, mix cream cheese, 
butter, vanilla and milk. Add powdered sugar and cinnamon and
 mix until smooth. Spread on warm rolls and serve immediately.
 This recipe has been adjusted so that the dough can be prepared
 in your bread machine. These will taste most like the originals
 if you use Makara Cinnamon (available at the Cinnabon Stands) 
instead of conventional powdered cinnamon from the supermarket.