DoubleTree® Hotel Chocolate Chip Cookies

When you check in at one of 240 hotels run by this U.S.
chain, you are handed a bag from a warming oven that 
contains two soft and delicious chocolate chip cookies. 
This is a tradition that began in the early 90s using a
recipe from a small bakery in Atlanta.  All of the 
cookies - which  weigh in at an impressive two ounces 
each - are baked fresh every day on the hotel premises.
Raves for the cookies from customers convinced the hotel
chain to start selling the chocolaty munchables by the
half-dozen.  But if you've got an insatiable chocolate 
chip cookie urge that can't wait for a package to be delivered
in the mail, you'll want to try this cloned version fresh out
of your home oven.  Just be sure to get the cookies out of
there when they are turning light brown.  This way they'll
stay soft in the middle when cool.  For even better results,
you can chill the dough overnight before you commence with 
the ceremonial baking. 

1/2 cup rolled oats
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda 
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened 
3/4 cup brown sugar, packed 
3/4 cup granulated sugar 
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice 
2 eggs 
3 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips 
1 1/2 cups chopped walnuts 

1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
2. Grind oats in a food processor or blender until fine. Combine
 the ground oats with the flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon 
in a medium bowl.
3. Cream together the butter, sugars, vanilla, and lemon juice in
 another medium bowl with an electric mixer. Add the eggs and mix
 until smooth.
4. Stir the dry mixture into the wet mixture and blend well. Add 
the chocolate chips and nuts to the dough and mix by hand until 
ingredients are well incorporated.
5. Spoon rounded 1/4-cup portions onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
 Place the scoops about 2 inches apart. You don't need to press 
the dough flat. Bake for 16 to 18 minutes or until cookies are 
light brown and soft in the middle. Store in a sealed container 
when cool to keep soft. For the best results, chill the dough 
overnight in the refrigerator before baking the cookies.
Makes 20 cookies.

