El Torito Sweet Corn Cake

Recipe By     : El Torito Restaurant, California
Serving Size  : 12   Preparation Time :0:30
Categories    : Breads                           Copycat
                Mexican

  Amount  Measure       Ingredient -- Preparation Method
--------  ------------  --------------------------------
     1/4  cup           butter or margarine
   2      tablespoons   shortening
     1/2  cup           masa harina
   3      tablespoons   cold water
  10      ounces        corn kernels
   3      tablespoons   cornmeal
     1/4  cup           sugar
   2      tablespoons   whipping cream
     1/4  teaspoon      baking powder
     1/4  teaspoon      salt

My favorite, and well worth the effort. Masa harina comes in a bag like
flour and can be found with the flour in most supermarkets.  It's the flour
to use for corn tortillas. The recipe doubles easily and turns out well with
either of the two methods provided. -- Ann Weeks, Corona   Method two is the
moist scoop we usually get at the restaurant. -- patH
-----
Place butter and shortening in mixer bowl and whip until soft; continue
whipping until fluffy and creamy. Add masa gradually while mixing; add water
gradually and mix thoroughly.

Place corn kernels in blender or food processor fitted with metal blade;
coarsely chop. Stir into the masa harina. Place (regular) cornmeal, sugar,
whipping cream, baking powder and salt in large mixing bowl; mix quickly.
Add masa mixture and mix lightly, just until blended. Pour into greased
8-inch-square baking pan. Cover with foil. 

Method 1: Bake in 350-degree oven 40 to 50 minutes or until corn cake has a
firm texture.

Method 2: Place pan in a larger pan and pour boiling water half way up corn
cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees 40 to 50 minutes, checking water level and
adding more boiling water, if necessary. When cooked through, remove corn
cake pan from water.

Let cooked cake stand at room temperature for few minutes before cutting
into squares or using a small ice cream scoop to serve. 

Makes 10 to 12 small servings. Store leftovers in the refrigerator.
