Fatburger®

Southern California - the birthplace of famous hamburgers from
 McDonald's, Carl's Jr., and In-n-Out Burger - is home to another
 thriving burger chain that opened its first outlet in 1952. Lovie
 Yancey thought of the perfect name for the 1/3-pound burgers she
 sold at her Los Angeles burger joint: Fatburger. Now with over 41
 units in California, Nevada, and moving into Washington and
 Arizona, Fatburger has become the food critics' favorite, winning
 "best burger in town" honors with regularity. The secret is the
 seasoned salt used on a big 'ol lean beef patty. And there's no
 ketchup on the stock version, just mayo, mustard, and relish. 
Replace the ground beef with ground turkey and you've got Fatburger's
 Turkeyburger all up and cloned.  

1/3 pound lean ground beef
seasoned salt 
ground black pepper 
1 plain hamburger bun 
1/2 tablespoon mayonnaise 
1/4 cup chopped iceberg lettuce 
1 tomato slice 
1/2 tablespoon mustard 
1/2 tablespoon sweet pickle relish 
1 tablespoon chopped onion 
3 dill pickle slices (hamburger slices) 

Optional
1 slice American cheese  
Grill the unsuspecting beef patty in a hot frying pan.


Slap the hot side and the cold side together.
 

1. Form the ground beef into a patty that is about 1 inch wider
 than the circumference of the hamburger bun.
2. Preheat a non-stick frying pan to medium/high heat. Fry the 
patty in the pan for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until done. Season
 both sides of the beef with seasoned salt and ground black pepper.
3. As the meat cooks prepare the bun by spreading approximately 1/2
 tablespoon of mayonnaise on the face of the top bun. 
4. Place the lettuce on the mayonnaise, followed by the tomato slice.
5. When the beef is done place the patty on the bottom bun. 
6. Spread about 1/2 tablespoon of mustard over the top of the beef 
patty.
7. Spoon about 1/2 tablespoon of relish over the mustard.
8. Sprinkle the chopped onion onto the relish.
9. Arrange the pickles on the chopped onion.
10. Bring the two halves of the burger together and serve with
 gumption.
Makes 1 burger.

Tidbits
If you want cheese on your burger, put a slice of American cheese
 on the face of the bottom bun before adding the beef patty. The 
heat from the meat will melt the cheese.   
