Girl Scout Cookies® Thin Mints

If those cute little cookie peddlers aren't posted outside
 the market, it may be tough to get your hands on these - 
the most popular cookies sold by the Girl Scouts each year. 
 One out of every four boxes of cookies sold by the girls is
 Thin Mints.  This recipe uses an improved version of the
 chocolate wafers created for the Oreo cookie clone in the
 second TSR book "More Top Secret Recipes." That recipe creates
 108 cookie wafers, so when you're done dipping, you'll have
 the equivalent of three boxes of the Girl Scout Cookies favorite.
  (See?  That's why you bought those extra cookie sheets.)
  You could, of course, reduce the recipe by baking only 1/3
 of the cookie dough for the wafers and then reducing the 
coating ingredients by 1/3, giving you a total of 36 cookies.
  But that may not be enough to last you until next spring.

Chocolate Cookie Wafers
1 18.25-ounce package Betty Crocker chocolate fudge cake mix
3 tablespoons shortening, melted
1/2 cup cake flour, measured then sifted
1 egg
3 tablespoons water
Non-stick cooking spray

Coating
3 12-ounce bags semi-sweet chocolate chips
3/4 teaspoon peppermint extract
6 tablespoons shortening

1. Combine the cookie ingredients in a large bowl, adding the
 water a little bit at a time until the dough forms.  Cover 
and chill for 2 hours.
2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
3.  On a lightly floured surface, roll out a portion of the dough
 to just under 1/16 of an inch thick.  To cut, use a lid from a 
spice container with a 1 1/2-inch diameter (Schilling brand is good.)
  Arrange the cut dough rounds on a cookie sheet that is sprayed with
 a light coating on non-stick spray.  Bake for 10 minutes.  Remove 
the wafers from the oven and cool completely.
4.  Combine chocolate chips with peppermint extract and shortening
 in a large microwave - safe glass or ceramic bow.  Heat on 50 
percent power for 2 minutes, stir gently, then heat for an addition
 minute.  Stir once again, and if chocolate is not a smooth
 consistency, continue to zap in microwave in 30-second intervals 
until smooth.
5.  Use a fork to dip each wafer in the chocolate, tap the fork on
 the edge of the bowl so that the excell chocolate runs off, and 
then place the cookies side-by-side on a wax paper - lined baking 
sheet.  Refrigerate until firm.
Makes 108 cookies.


