KFC® Honey BBQ Wings®

Once a regular menu item, these sweet, saucy wings are now
 added to the KFC menu on a "limited-time-only" basis in many
 markets. So how are we to get that sticky sauce all over our
 faces and hands during those many months when we're cruelly 
denied our Honey BBQ Wings? Now it's as easy as whipping up a
 clone that re-creates a crispy breading on the chicken wings,
 and then slathering those puppies in a tasty knock-off of the
 sweet, tangy honey BBQ sauce. "Limited-time-only" signs - 
we laugh in your direction!

Sauce
1 1/4 cup ketchup
1/3 cup white vinegar
1/4 cup molasses
1/4 cup honey
1 teaspoon liquid smoke 
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon chili powder

6 to 8 cups vegetable shortening
1 egg, beaten
1 cup milk
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 1/2 teaspoons salt
3/4 teaspoon pepper
3/4 teaspoon MSG
20 chicken wing pieces

1. Combine the sauce ingredients in a small saucepan over medium
 heat. Stir until ingredients are well combined and bring to a boil.
 Then reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 15 to 20 minutes.
2. As sauce is simmering, heat up 6 to 8 cups of shortening in
 a deep fryer set to 350 degrees.
3. Combine the beaten egg with the milk in a small bowl.
4. In another small bowl, combine the flour, salt, pepper, and MSG.

5. When shorteningl is hot, dip each wing first in the flour mixture,
 then into the milk and egg mixture, and back into the flour. Arrange
 wings on a plate until each one is coated with batter.
6. Fry the wings in the shortening for 9 to 12 minutes or until light
 golden brown. If you have a small fryer, you may wish to fry 10 of
 the wings at a time. Drain on paper towels or a rack.
7. When the sauce is done, brush the entire surface of each wing with
 a light coating of sauce. Serve immediately.
Makes 2 to 4 servings (20 wings).

Tidbits
Liquid smoke is a flavoring found near the barbecue sauces and 
marinades.  Use hickory-flavored liquid smoke if you have a choice.  
MSG is monosodium glutamate, the solid form of a natural amino acid
 found in many vegetables. It can be found in stores in the spice
 sections and as the brand name Accent flavor enhancer. MSG is an
 important component of many KFC items.


