McDonald's® Breakfast Bagel Sandwiches®

Ham & Egg Bagel

Sauce 
2 tablespoons mayonnaise 
1 teaspoon creamy dill mustard 

4 eggs
salt  
ground black pepper
1 teaspoon butter
8-ounces deli-sliced ham (2 to 3 slices per sandwich)
4 plain bagels
8 slices Kraft Singles American cheese

1. First prepare the sauce by combining the mayonnaise with
 the dill mustard in a small bowl. Set this aside until you 
are ready to use it.
2. To prepare the eggs it's best to make one at a time in a 
small 6-inch skillet. If you have more than one of these small
 pans, you can save a little time.
3. Beat an egg in a small bowl with a whisk until it is smooth,
 but not foamy. Add a pinch of salt and pepper to the egg. Heat
 a small 6-inch skillet over low heat. Add 1/4 teaspoon of butter
 to the pan. When the butter has melted add the egg to the pan. 
Swirl the pan so that the egg spreads evenly. As the egg begins to
 cook, use a spatula to pull in a couple of the edges so that raw 
egg flows from the top onto the hot pan. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes,
 then fold over one of the edges of the egg using a spoon or fork.
 Fold it down about an inch. Fold the opposite end over as well. 
Then fold the remaining two edges over, creating a small rectangular
 or square mini-omelet. Flip the little omelet over and turn off the
 heat.
4. Heat up the ham in a covered dish in the microwave for 1 minute.
 This will make it hot, and keep it from drying.
5. Slice a bagel in half and place it with the faces up on a baking
 sheet. Grill the faces of the bagel halves in your oven, set on
 broil, until golden brown. You may also use a toaster oven for this
 step, but be sure to place the sliced bagel halves onto a small 
baking sheet or on aluminum foil. 
6. When the bagels are toasted, spread about 1/2 tablespoon of the
 sauce onto the face of the top bagel half.
7. Place a slice of cheese onto the face of each bagel half.
8. Place the finished omelet onto the cheese on the bottom half of
 the sandwich.
9. Place the ham onto the egg. 
10. Finish by flipping the top half of the sandwich over onto the
 bottom. Heat for 15 seconds in microwave if needed to warm.
Makes 4 servings.