McDonald's® Breakfast Bagel Sandwiches®

Spanish Omelet Bagel

Sauce 
2 tablespoons mayonnaise 
1 teaspoon creamy dill mustard

2 teaspoons minced green pepper
2 teaspoons minced white onion
4 eggs
1 teaspoon butter 
salt  
ground black pepper
8 ounces breakfast sausage

4 plain bagels
4 slices Kraft Singles American cheese
4 slices Kraft Singles Monterey Jack cheese

1. First prepare the sauce by combining the mayonnaise
 with the dill mustard in a small bowl. Set this aside
 until you are ready to use it.
2. To prepare the eggs it's best to make one at a time 
in a small 6-inch skillet. If you have more than one of 
these small pans, you can save a little time.
3. First preheat pan over low heat. Add 1/4 teaspoon of butter.
 Add 1/2 teaspoon of minced green pepper along with 1/2 teaspoon
 minced white onion to the pan and sauté for a couple minutes,
 or until soft.
4. Beat an egg in a small bowl with a whisk until it is smooth,
 but not foamy. Add a pinch of salt and pepper to the egg. Add the
 egg to the pan with the vegetables. Swirl the pan so that the egg
 spreads out. As the egg begins to cook, use a spatula to pull in a
 couple of the edges so that raw egg flows from the top onto the hot
 pan. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, then fold over one of the edges of the
 egg using a spoon or fork. Fold it down about an inch. Fold the 
opposite end over as well. Then fold the remaining two edges over,
 creating a small rectangular or square mini-omelet. Flip the little
 omelets over and turn off the heat.
5. Press the sausage into four 2-ounce patties approximately the size
 of the bagel. Cook the sausage in a large skillet over medium heat
 until brown. Drain when done.
6. Slice a bagel in half and place it with the faces up on a baking
 sheet. Grill the faces of the bagel halves in your oven, set on 
broil, until golden brown. You may also use a toaster oven for this
 step, but be sure to place the sliced bagel halves onto a small 
baking sheet or on aluminum foil.
7. When the bagels are toasted, spread about 1/2 tablespoon of the
 sauce onto the face of the bottom bagel half.
8. Place a slice of Monterey Jack cheese onto the face of the bottom
 bagel half.
9. Place a sausage patty on the cheese on the Jack cheese.
10. Place the finished omelet onto the sausage and then place the
 American cheese on the omelet.
11. Finish the sandwich with the bagel top and heat for 15 seconds
 in the microwave if needed to warm.  Repeat for remaining servings.
Makes 4 servings.



