McDonald's® Breakfast Bagel Sandwiches® 


Steak & Egg Bagel

Sauce 
2 tablespoons mayonnaise 
1 teaspoon creamy dill mustard 

1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 slice of white onion, quartered
1 14-ounce pkg. Steak-Umm chopped steak (7 steaks)

4 eggs
1 teaspoon butter 
salt  
ground black pepper
4 plain bagels
8 slices Kraft Singles American cheese

1. First prepare the sauce by combining the mayonnaise with
 the dill mustard in a small bowl. Set this aside until you 
are ready to use it.
2. Heat 1 teaspoon of vegetable oil in a medium skillet over 
medium heat. Separate the onion slices and sauté in the oil until
 light brown.
3. Heat a large skillet over medium/high heat. Break up the sandwich
 steak into the hot pan and cook until brown. Drain off fat. Add the
 grilled onions to the meat and stir.
4. To make the eggs it's best to make one at a time in a small 6-inch
 skillet. If you have more than one of these small pans, you can save
 a little time.
5. Beat an egg in a small bowl with a whisk until it is smooth, but
 not foamy. Add a pinch of salt and pepper to the egg. Heat a small
 6-inch skillet over low heat. Add 1/4 teaspoon of butter to the pan.
 When the butter has melted add the egg to the pan. Swirl the pan so
 that the egg spreads evenly. As the egg begins to cook, use a spatula
 to pull in a couple of the edges so that raw egg flows from the top
 onto the hot pan. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, then fold over one of the
 edges of the egg using a spoon or fork. Fold it down about an inch.
 Fold the opposite end over as well. Then fold the remaining two edges
 over, creating a small rectangular or square mini-omelet. Flip the
 little omelet over and turn off the heat.
6. Slice a bagel in half and place it with the faces up on a baking
 sheet. Grill the faces of the bagel halves in your oven, set on
 broil, until golden brown. You may also use a toaster oven for this
 step, but be sure to place the sliced bagel halves onto a small 
baking sheet or on aluminum foil.
7. When the bagels are toasted, spread about 1/2 tablespoon of the
 sauce onto the face of the top bagel half.
8. Place a slice of cheese onto the face of each bagel half.
9. Divide the meat into four portions and stack one portion onto the
 cheese on the bottom bagel half.
10. Place the finished omelet onto the meat on the bottom half of the
 sandwich.
11. Finish by flipping the top half of the sandwich over onto the
 bottom. Heat for 15 seconds in microwave if needed to warm.
Makes 4 servings.

