McDonald's® BigXtra!®

McDonald's roll-out of the BigXtra! is another bomb dropped on 
the battlefield of the latest burger war.  Burger King took the 
first shot by introducing the Big King - a pretty good clone of 
McDonald's signature Big Mac, with a bit more meat and no middle bun.
  Then Mickey D's fired back with a clone of Burger King's popular
 Whopper, to be exact.  That's just under 5 ounces of ground beef,
 stacked on a huge sesame seed bun, with the same ingredients you
 would find piled on the Whopper - lettuce, onion, tomato, ketchup,
 mayo, and pickles.  Plus McDonald's addition of a special spice
 sprinkled on the beef as it cooks.  It's all very tasty.  
Especially if you like Whoppers.  Today the Big Xtra! is less extra,
 having been shrunk down and renamed Big 'N Tasty.

1 large sesame seed bun (4 3/4-inch diameter)
5 ounces ground beef
seasoned salt
ground black pepper
2 teaspoons ketchup
1 tablespoon mayonnaise
1 tablespoon chopped onion
3 pickle slices (hamburger style)
1/2 cup chopped lettuce
1 large tomato slice
non-stick cooking spray

1. Form the ground beef into a very large patty on wax paper. 
Make it approximately 5 1/2 to 6 inches in diameter (the meat 
should shrink to the perfect size for the buns when cooked). Freeze
 this patty for a couple hours before cooking.
2. Grill the faces of the hamburger bun in a hot skillet over medium
 heat. Grill until the buns are golden brown. Leave pan hot.
3. Grill the frozen patty in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes per side. 
Sprinkle one side with seasoned salt and ground black pepper.
4. Prepare the rest of the burger by first spreading the 2 teaspoons
 of ketchup on the face of the top bun. Follow the ketchup with the 
tablespoon of mayonnaise.
5. Stack the onion onto the top bun next, followed by the pickles and
 lettuce. Add the tomato slice to the top of the stack.
6. When the beef patty is done cooking, use a spatula to arrange it on
 the bottom bun. Turn the top of the burger over onto the bottom and 
serve.
Makes 1 hamburger.



