McDonald's® Arch Deluxe® 

In 1996, McDonald's set out to target more educated tastebuds
 in a massive advertising campaign for its newest burger creation.
 We watched while Ronald McDonald golfed, danced, and leisurely 
hung out with real-life grown-up humans, instead of the puffy 
Mayor McCheese and that bunch of wacko puppets. Supposedly the 
Arch Deluxe, with the "Adult Taste",  would appeal to those dancers
 and golfers and anyone else with a sophisticated palate. But let's
 face it, we're not talking Beef Wellington here. The Arch Deluxe
 is just a hamburger, after all, with only a couple of elements 
that set it apart from the other menu items. The big difference 
is the creamy brown mustard spread on the sandwich right next to 
the ketchup. And the burger is assembled on a sesame seed potato 
roll (which actually tastes very much like your common hamburger bun).
 Also, you can order the burger with the optional thick-sliced 
peppered bacon, for an extra ka-ching. Okay, so the plan hasn't 
quite worked out the way Micky D's had hoped. Sales of the Arch 
Deluxe have been disappointing, to say the least. That's why I 
thought this would be a good recipe to clone.  You know, for all 
of you who have been struggling to get by without the Arch Deluxe 
in your lives. The Arch Deluxe may have gone on to join the McD.L.T 
and the McLean Deluxe on the great list of fast food duds from our 
past.  But you can now create a delicious kitchen facsimile of your
 own with this recipe.  And hopefully, in the meantime, Ronald has 
gone back to work.

1 tablespoon mayonnaise
1/2 teaspoon brown mustard (French's "Hearty Deli" is good)
1 sesame seed hamburger bun
1/4 pound ground beef
1 slice American cheese
1 to 2 tomato slices
1 to 2 lettuce leaves, chopped
1/2 tablespoon ketchup
2 tablespoons chopped onion

1. In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise and the brown mustard.
 Set aside.
2. Grill the face of each of the buns on a griddle or frying pan over
 medium heat.
3. Roll the ground beef into a ball and pat it out until it's 
approximately the same diameter as the bun. 
4. Cook meat on hot griddle or frying pan for about 5 minutes per 
side or until done. Be sure to lightly salt and pepper each side of 
the patty.
5. Build the burger in the following order, from the bottom up:

On Bottom Bun
beef patty
American cheese slice
1 to 2 tomato slices
lettuce

On Top Bun
mayo/mustard
ketchup
onions

6. Slap the top onto the bottom and serve hot.
Makes one burger. 

Tidbits

If you can find thick-sliced pepper bacon in your supermarket, you
 can add it to the burger just as you could at the restaurant chain.
 Cut one slice in half after cooking and place the slices next to
 each other onto the bottom bun before adding the beef patty.

