Mimi's Cafe® French Market Onion Soup

You might not imagine a tough World War II flying ace would 
open a restaurant called "Mimi's," but that's exactly what 
happened in the 70's. Arthur J. Simms flew spy missions over
 France during the war and helped liberate a small French town
 near Versailles. After the war Arthur ran the commissary at 
MGM studios in Hollywood, stuffing the bellies of big-time celebs
 like Judy Garland, Clark Gable and Mickey Rooney. He later 
joined his son Tom in several restaurant ventures including one
 called "French Quarter" in West Hollywood. This was the prototype
 for the French-themed Mimi's Cafe. In 1978, the first Mimi's 
opened in Anaheim, California. Today there's over 40 Mimi's in 
the chain with a new one opening every other week; all of them 
serving this amazing onion soup that can now be part of your 
culinary repertoire. Oui! 

1/4 cup butter
3 medium white onions, sliced 
3 14-ounce cans beef broth (Swanson is best) 
1 teaspoon salt 
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
3 tablespoons Kraft grated parmesan cheese
6 to 12 slices French bread (baguette) 
6 slices Swiss cheese 
6 slices mozzarella cheese 
6 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese 
You've just cloned a batch of the best onion soup from any chain.
 Got spoon?
 

1. Sauté onions in melted butter in a large soup pot or saucepan 
for 15 to 20 minutes or until onions begin to brown and turn 
transparent. 
2. Add beef broth, salt and garlic powder to onions. Bring mixture
 to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 1 hour. Add
 the grated parmesan cheese in the last 10 minutes of cooking the
soup.
3. When soup is done, preheat oven to 350 degrees and toast the 
French bread slices for about 10 to 12 minutes or until they begin
 to brown. When bread is done, set oven to broil. 
4. Build each serving of soup by spooning about 1 cup of soup into
 an oven-safe bowl. Float a toasted slice or two of bread on top of
 the soup, then add a slice of Swiss cheese on top of that. Place a 
slice of mozzarella on next and sprinkle 1 tablespoon of shredded 
parmesan cheese over the top of the other cheeses. 
5. Place the soup bowl on a baking sheet and broil for 5 to 6 minutes
 or until the cheese begins to brown.
Makes 6 servings.


