Mrs. Dash® Salt Free Seasoning Blend

So here's the challenge with this clone recipe: Not only do
 we have to get the right ratios for nearly 20 different spices,
 but we also have to come up with a way to get the same lemony 
tang that makes the real Mrs. Dash the tasty salt-free seasoning
 blend we've come to know and love over the years. Sure, we could
 use powdered citric acid that is sometimes found in health food
 stores, but not everyone is going to have that scary sounding 
ingredient readily available. Then we still need to figure out
 the "lemon juice solids" part. Ah, but wait, there's citric acid
 and lemon juice solids in Kool-Aid unsweetened lemonade drink 
mix. It's perfect! Add a little of that drink powder to the spice
 blend and we have a clone that in a blindfolded taste test could
 fool even Mr. Dash. 

1/4 cup crushed dried minced onion flakes
4 teaspoons crushed dried vegetable flakes (Schilling)
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon dried orange peel 
2 teaspoons coarse ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried savory
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon coriander
1/2 teaspoon dried mustard
1/4 teaspoon celery seed
1/4 teaspoon Kool-Aid unsweetened lemonade drink mix
dash crushed dried rosemary 


Crushing the vegetable flakes with extreme prejudice 

1. Combine all of the ingredients in a small bowl and stir well.
 As you stir, crush the leafy spices for a finer blend.
2. Store the spice blend in a covered container or a sealed shaker
 bottle.
Makes about 2/3 cup.

Tidbits
It's best to use a mortar and pestle to crush these sometimes tough
 little onion and vegetable flakes to about the size of rice, before
 adding them to the mix. But if you don't have one of those handy
 kitchen tools, you may also use the back of a spoon and a small
 bowl - plus a little grease. You know, the elbow kind. 


