Outback Steakhouse® Cinnamon Oblivion 

Roll a scoop of creamy vanilla ice cream in home-made candied
 pecans. Surround the ice cream with warm cinnamon apples and 
drizzle caramel over the top. Sprinkle fresh cinnamon-butter 
croutons on the dessert and you've got an irresistible clone 
of one of Outback's most popular menu items. For the croutons, 
it's best to use the Bushman Bread clone from right here on the 
site. But if you're not up for bread making, choose another sweet
 bread, such as Hawaiian Sweet Bread or Pillsbury Honey White Bread.  

Candied Pecans 
1/2 cup granulated sugar 
2 tablespoons water 
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon 
1 teaspoon butter
1 1/4 cups chopped pecans

Cinnamon Croutons
2 cups cubed Bushman Bread (from clone here --
    or you can use another sweet bread such as 
    Hawaiian Sweet Bread or Pillsbury Honey White Bread.)
1/3 cup salted butter 
2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

Cinnamon Apples
1 20-ounce can apple pie filling
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1 tablespoon brown sugar

4 cups vanilla ice cream
1/2 cup caramel topping (Smucker's is good) 
1 1/2 cups whipped cream 
4 fresh strawberries

1. For candied pecans, combine 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 2 
tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon butter, and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
 in a small saucepan over medium heat. Heat until mixture boils 
and all sugar granules are dissolved. 
2. Add chopped pecans to mixture and stir for 1 to 2 minutes over
 heat. Be sure that all pecans are well-coated.
3. Pour mixture onto a large plate and continue to stir until mixture
 hardens and begins to break up. You should be able to separate all
 of the nuts. 
4. For the croutons, preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Pour the slice
 bread cubes onto an ungreased cookie sheet and bake for 15 to 20 
minutes or until the bread has turned light brown. Stir halfway 
through cooking time. 
5. Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Pour baked croutons
 into the pan and sauté until the bread is well-coated with butter.
 Combine the 2 tablespoons of sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon in 
a small bowl. Sprinkle this mixture over the croutons while stirring
 so that the croutons are well-coated with cinnamon/sugar. Remove 
croutons from the heat and pour them onto a plate to cool. 
6. Prepare apples by carefully mixing them with 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
 and 1 tablespoon of brown sugar in a large bowl. You want to be sure
 you don't stir hard enough to break up the apples. Microwave the 
apple for 1 to 2 minutes or until hot.
7. To assemble the dessert for serving, first roll four cup-size 
scoops of ice cream in the pecan pieces. You can do this step ahead
 of time if you like, keeping the pecan-covered scoops in your
 freezer. 
8. Place an ice cream scoop onto a small plate, then pour about 
a tablespoon of caramel over the ice cream. Dribble another 
tablespoon around the base of the ice cream onto the plate.
9. Spread the hot apples around the base of the ice cream being 
sure to divide them evenly amongst the four servings.
10. Divide the croutons into four portions and sprinkle them on 
the apples around the base of the ice cream scoop on each plate.
11. Spread a generous portion of whipped cream onto the top of 
each scoop of ice cream.
12. Top off each dish with a fresh strawberry.
Makes 4 servings.


