Planet Hollywood® Pot Stickers 

Menu Description: "Six pot stickers filled with fresh ground turkey
 meat
seasoned with ginger, water chestnuts, red pepper and green onions.
They are fried and served in a basket with spicy hoisin." 

     Here's a special recipe from one of the most popular theme 
restaurant chains. Pot stickers are a popular Asian dumpling that
 can be fried, steamed, or simmered in a broth. Planet Hollywood 
has customized its version to make them crunchier than the traditional
 dish, and it's a tasty twist that I'm sure you'll love. Since
 hoisin sauce would be very difficult to make from scratch, you
 can use a commercial brand found in most stores. 

1/4 pound ground turkey
1/2 teaspoon minced fresh ginger
1 teaspoon minced green onion
1 teaspoon minced water chestnuts
1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (no seeds)
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1 egg, beaten
Vegetable oil for frying
12 wonton wrappers (3 x 3-inch size) 

On the side
Hoisin sauce 

1. In a small bowl, combine all the ingredients except the egg,
 wrappers and oil. Add 1 tablespoon of the beaten egg. Save the
 rest of the egg for later. Preheat oil in a deep fryer or a deep
 saucepan to 375 degrees. Use enough oil to cover the pot stickers
 -- 1 to 2 inches should be enough. 
2. Invert a small bowl or glass with a 3-inch diameter on the center
 of a wonton wrapper and cut around it to make a circle. Repeat for
 the remaining wrappers. 
3. Spoon 1/2 tablespoon of the turkey filling into the center of one
 wrapper. Brush a little beaten egg around half of the edge of the 
wrapper and fold the wrapper over the filling. Gather the wrapper as
 you seal it so that it is crinkled around the edge. Repeat with the
 remaining ingredients. 
4. Deep-fry the pot stickers, six at a time in the hot oil for 3 to 
5 minutes or until they are brown. Drain on a rack or paper towels.
 Serve with hoisin sauce for dipping. If you want some crushed red 
pepper or cayenne pepper to the sauce.
Serves 3 to 4 as an appetizer. 

Tidbits

If you can't find wonton wrappers, you can also use eggroll wrappers
 for this recipe. Eggroll wrappers are much bigger, so you will be
 wasting more of the dough when you trim the wrappers to 3-inch 
diameter circles. But in a pinch, this is a quick solution.
Pot sticker wrappers can also be found in some supermarkets, but 
I've found the wonton wrappers and eggroll wrappers, when fried, 
taste more like the restaurant version.



