Roadhouse Grill® Roadhouse Cheese Wraps 

You'll find the original version of this delectable
Roadhouse Grill signature item in the "starters" 
section of the menu. It's a variation on the popular
fried cheese sticks appetizers with spicy jalapeno 
peppers in the middle, all wrapped in large spring 
roll wrappers before frying. The marinara sauce on 
the side is perfect for dipping this tasty cheesy 
tidbit. To save time -- and we all like that -- 
you can use any of your favorite marinara pasta 
sauces (such as Ragu) for dipping so you won't have
to whip it up from scratch. 

8 thin slices monterey jack cheese 
8 thin slices cheddar cheese 
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced 
1 teaspoon minced fresh chives 
4 large spring roll wrappers
1 beaten egg 
6 to 10 cups vegetable oil

On the side
Marinara (pasta) sauce  
Slice the cheese real thin, add peppers and chives, roll
 it all up and give it a good squeeze before wrapping   

1. Use a sharp knife to make 8 thin slices each from the
 end of standard-size hunks of cheddar and monterey jack cheeses.

2. Arrange 2 slices of cheddar and 2 slices of jack on your hand,
 then sprinkle about 1 teaspoon of diced jalapeno on top of the

 cheese. Sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon of minced chives on next. Sandwich


 the peppers and chives between the cheese and roll it all up. 
Fold the cheese and squeeze it all together so that the peppers 
and chives are well sealed into the middle of the cheeses.
3. Lay a spring roll wrapper with one corner pointing away from 
you. Arrange the cheese lengthwise on the center of the wrapper. 
4. Fold one of the side corners over the cheese filling. Brush a 
little beaten egg on the tip of the other side corner and fold it
 over the first corner so that it sticks. Brush some beaten egg on
 the corner pointing away from you. Fold the bottom corner up and 
over the filling. Roll the wrapper up, keeping it tight, until it
 rolls over the top corner with the egg on it. It should stick. 
Repeat with the remaining rolls, then cover them all and chill 
for at least 30 minutes. This will be long enough to heat up the
 oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees.  
5. When the oil is hot, fry the rolls for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes or 
until the outside is golden brown. Drain the rolls on a rack or 
paper towels for 2 minutes before serving with your favorite 
marinara sauce on the side for dipping. 
Serves 2.

