Sunshine® Lemon Coolers®

Brothers Jacob and Joseph Loose had a dream of creating
products in a bakery filled with sunshine.  In 1912 they
got their wish by opening the famous "Thousand Window Bakery" 
in Long Island City, New York.  It was the largest bakery in 
the work until 1955.  Today Sunshine Biscuits has moved to 
another location in Sayerville, New Jersey, where ovens the 
size of football fields bake like crazy.  Sunshine is now 
owned by Keebler and continues to produce many baked treats 
you're likely familiar with, such as Hydrox Cookies, Saltine
Crackers, Vienna Fingers, Cheez-it Crackers, and these sweet
Lemon Coolers.  All we have to do is make a few simple 
adjustments to the Nilla Wafer clone recipe, and we can create
a cool copy of these awesome little tangy wafer cookies.
You know the ones - those little round cookies dusted 
with lemon-flavored powdered sugar.  To make that coating,
we'll just use a little unsweeteneed Kool-Aid lemonade 
drink mix combined with powdered sugar.  Shake the cookies 
in a bag with this mixture (I call is bake 'n shake) and 
you've got yourself another tasty knock-off.  

1/2 cup powdered sugar
1/3 cup sugar
1/3 cup shortening
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 tablespoon water

Lemon Powdered Sugar
1 cup powdered sugar
rounded 1/2 teaspoon unsweetened Kool-Aid lemonade drink mix

1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
2. Cream together sugars, shortening, egg, vanilla, and salt in
 a large bowl.
3. Add the flour and baking powder. Add 1 tablespoon of water and
 continue mixing until dough forms a ball. 
4. Roll dough into 3/4-inch balls and flatten slightly onto a 
lightly greased cookie sheet. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes or until 
cookies are light brown.
5. As cookies bake, combine 1 cup powdered sugar with the lemonade
 drink mix in a large plastic bag and shake thoroughly to mix.
6. When the cookies are removed from the oven and while they are 
hot, add 4 or 5 at a time to the bag and shake it until the cookies
 are well coated. Repeat with the remaining cookies.
Makes 50 to 56 cookies. 


