T.G.I. Friday's® Jack Daniels Grill Glaze

The Jack Daniel's Grill Glaze is one of the most scrumptious
 sauces you will ever taste on fish or just about any other meat.
 Introduced in April of 1997, this glaze has become one of 
Friday's best-selling items. This versatile sweet-and-slightly-spicy
 sauce can be ordered on salmon, baby back ribs, steak, chicken,
 pork chops...even on chicken wings (but only if you know to order
 it that way, since that one isn't on the menu). I was encouraged
 to figure out how to clone the stuff when the Oprah Winfrey Show
 requested an appearance. I think you'll find it tastes virtually
 identical to the original glaze! you can use it to top your 
favorite meat, but if you're grilling, be sure to use the sauce 
just before taking the meat off the flame, since it is very sweet
 and will quickly burn. Serve extra on the side.

1 head of garlic
1 tablespoon olive oil
2/3 cup water
1 cup pineapple juice
1/4 cup teriyaki sauce
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 1/3 cups dark brown sugar
3 tablespoons lemon juice
3 tablespoons minced white onion
1 tablespoon Jack Daniels Whiskey
1 tablespoon crushed pineapple
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper

1. Cut about 1/2-inch off of top of garlic. Cut the roots so that
 the garlic will sit flat. Remove the papery skin from the garlic,
 but leave enough so that the cloves stay together. Put garlic into
 a small casserole dish or baking pan, drizzle olive oil over it,
 and cover with a lid or foil. Bake in a preheated 325° oven for
 1 hour. Remove garlic and let it cool until you can handle it.
2. Combine water, pineapple juice, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, and
 brown sugar in a medium saucepan over medium/high heat. Stir 
occasionally until mixture boils then reduce heat until mixture
 is just simmering.
3. Squeeze the sides of the head of garlic until the pasty roasted
 garlic is squeezed out. Measure 2 teaspoons into the saucepan and
 whisk to combine. Add remaining ingredients to the pan and stir.
4. Let mixture simmer for 40-50 minutes or until sauce has reduced
 by about 1/2 and is thick and syrupy. Make sure it doesn't boil over.
Makes 1 cup of glaze. 

