Taco Bell® Mexican Pizza 

Hope you're hungry, 'cause this recipe makes four of the
 Mexican Pizzas like those served at the Bell. Prepare to
 blow your diners away with this one if they're at all 
familiar with the real thing.

1/2 lb ground beef
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder (Spanish blend is best)
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon dried minced onion
1/4 teaspoon paprika
dash garlic powder
dash onion powder
2 tablespoons water
8 small (6" diameter) flour tortillas
1 cup Crisco shortening or cooking oil
1 16-ounce can refried beans
2/3 cup mild Picante salsa
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1/3 cup diced tomato
1/4 cup chopped green onions

1. In a medium bowl, combine the ground beef with the flour,
 chili powder, salt, dried onion, paprika, garlic powder, and
 onion powder. Use your hands to thoroughly incorporate everything
 into the ground beef.
2. Preheat a skillet over medium heat, and add the ground beef
 mixture to the pan along with the water. Brown the beef mixture
 for 5 to 6 minutes, using a wooden spoon or spatula to break up
 the meat as it cooks.
3. Heat oil or Crisco shortening in a frying pan over medium high
 heat. If oil begins to smoke, it is too hot. When oil is hot, 
fry each tortilla for about 30 to 45 seconds per side and set 
aside on paper towels. When frying each tortilla, be sure to pop
 any bubbles that form so that tortilla lays flat in oil. Tortillas
 should become golden brown.
4. Heat up refried beans in a small pan over the stove or in the
 microwave. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
5. When meat and tortillas are done, stack each pizza by first 
spreading about 1/3 cup refried beans on the face of one tortilla.
 Next spread 1/4 to 1/3 cup of meat, then another tortilla. Coat 
your pizzas with two tablespoons of salsa on each, then combine 
the cheeses and sprinkle the blend evenly over the top of each pizza.
  Split up the diced tomato and arrange evenly over the cheese on 
each pizza, followed by the green onion.
6. Place pizzas in your hot oven for 8-12 minutes or until cheese
 on top is melted.  Cut each pizza into 4 slices and serve. 
Makes 4 pizzas. 
