Taco Bell® Enchirito

"The Enchirito is back!" say the bright yellow signs posted on
 Taco Bell stores (at least those in the West) this month. For
 most of this decade, Taco Bell had stopped selling its once
 popular burrito/enchilada hybrid product. But the first Top 
Secret Recipes book had cracked the recipe before the product
 vanished in the early 90's, and until now that was the only 
way we could make our Enchiritos and eat them too. This recipe
 is an update with some improvements to that original recipe 
first released several years ago. Is the Enchirito here to stay?
 If it sells well, I'm sure we'll see it stick around. But even 
if we don't, this clone recipe will allow us to taste the Taco 
Bell creation whether or not the real thing is once again 
"adios-ed."

1 pound ground beef
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dried minced onion
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
dash garlic powder
1/2 cup water
1 30-ounce can refried beans
1 package large flour tortillas (10-inch)
1/4 onion, diced
1 10-ounce can La Victoria enchilada sauce
2 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
1 2-ounce can sliced black olives

1. Brown the ground beef in a skillet over medium heat, using a
 wooden spoon or spatula to separate the beef into pea-size pieces.
 Drain fat.
2. Add the flour, chili powder, salt, dried minced onion, paprika,
 onion powder, garlic powder, and water.
3. Heat up the refried beans in a medium sauce pan over medium heat,
 or in the microwave for a couple of minutes on high.
4. Warm the tortillas in a steamer, or wrap them in a moist towel
 and microwave for 1 minute on high. You may also heat up the 
tortillas individually by placing them in a hot pan over medium 
heat for about 15 seconds per side.
5. Spoon about 3 tablespoons of beef into the center of each 
tortilla. Sprinkle on 1/2 teaspoon of diced fresh onion. Add 1/3 
cup of hot refried beans.
6. Fold the tortilla over the beans and meat and flip the tortilla
 over onto a plate.
7. Spoon 3 tablespoons of enchilada sauce over the top of the 
tortilla, then sprinkle on 1/4 cup of shredded cheese.
8. Heat up the dish for 20-30 seconds in the microwave, until the
 cheese begins to melt.
9. Top with three olive slices.
Makes 10.


