Taco Bell® Burrito Supreme®

To copy Taco Bell's most famous burrito at home you first
 must assemble the meaty foundation of many of the chain's
 top selling products:  The spiced ground beef.  Toss it 
and seven other tasty ingredients into a large flour tortilla 
and fold using the same technique as taught to new recruits to
 the chain.  If you like a bit of heat, throw on some of the 
hot sauce from the Taco Bell Fire Border Sauce clone recipe.

1 pound lean ground beef
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dried minced onion
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
dash garlic powder
1/2 cup water
1 16-ounce can refried beans
8 10-inch flour tortillas
1/2 cup enchilada sauce
3/4 cup sour cream
2 cups shredded lettuce
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
1 medium tomato, diced
1/2 cup diced yellow onion

1. In a medium bowl, combine the ground beef with the flour, 
chili powder, salt, minced onion, paprika, onion powder, and 
garlic powder. Use your hands to thoroughly mix the ingredients
 into the ground beef.
2. Add the seasoned beef mixture to the water in a skillet over
 medium heat. Mix well with a wooden spoon or spatula, and break
 up the meat as it cooks. Heat for 5 to 6 minutes, or until browned.
 The finished product should be very smooth, somewhat pasty, 
with no large chunks of beef remaining.
3. Heat up the refried beans in a covered container in the microwave
 set on high temperature for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes.
4. Place the flour tortillas on a plate and cover with plastic wrap.
 Heat the tortillas for 30 to 45 seconds in the microwave on high 
temperature.
5. Build each burrito by first spreading about 1/4 cup of refried 
beans on the center of a heated flour tortilla. Spread one-eighth 
of the meat mixture over the beans, then pour about a tablespoon of
 the enchilada sauce over the meat.
6. Stir the sour cream well, so that it is smoother, then spread 
about 1 1/2 tablespoons onto the burrito. Arrange some of the 
lettuce, cheese, tomato, and onion onto the tortilla, and then 
you're ready to roll.
7. Fold the end of the tortilla closest to you over the filling 
ingredients. Fold either the left or right end over next. Then 
fold the top edge over the filling. You will be leaving one end 
of the burrito open and unfolded. Repeat with the remaining 
ingredients and serve immediately. 
Makes 8 burritos.


