Tony Roma's® Baked Potato Soup

 "A house specialty full of baked potatoes and topped
 with Cheddar
 cheese, bacon and green onions."

The thick-and-creamy texture and rich taste of Tony Roma's
 best-selling soup can be easily cloned with basic ingredients.
 This TSR version is thickened with a little flour, some
 half-and-half and, most notably, instant mashed potatoes.
 Give yourself an hour to bake the potatoes and around 30
 minutes to prepare the soup. Garnish each serving with 
shredded cheese, crumbled bacon and green onions and you 
will have a home kitchen Tony Roma's recreation that will 
surely impress.

2 medium potatoes (about 2 cups chopped)
3 tablespoons butter
1 cup diced white onion
2 tablespoons flour
4 cups chicken stock
2 cups water
1/4 cup cornstarch
1 1/2 cups instant mashed potatoes
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon pepper
1/2 teaspoon basil
1/8 teaspoon thyme
1 cup half and half 

Garnish
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup crumbled cooked bacon
2 green onions, chopped (green part only)

1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees and bake the potatoes or 1 
hour or until done. When potatoes have cooked remove them 
from the oven to cool.
2. As potatoes cool prepare soup by melting butter in a large
 saucepan, and sauté onion until light brown. Add the flour to
 the onions and stir to make a roux.
3. Add stock, water, cornstarch, mashed potatoes, and spices to
 the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 
minutes.
4. Cut potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out contents with
 a large spoon. Discard skin. Chop baked potato with a large 
knife to make chunks that are about 1/2-inch in size.
5. Add chopped baked potato and half-and-half to the saucepan,
 bring soup back to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer the soup
 for another 15 minutes or until it is thick.
6. Spoon about 1 1/2 cups of soup into a bowl and top with about
 a tablespoon of shredded cheddar cheese, a half tablespoon of
 crumbled bacon and a teaspoon or so of chopped green onion. 
Repeat for remaining servings.
Serves 6 to 8.

