Wendy's® Classic Greek Fresh Stuffed Pita

Here's a clone for another of Wendy's four Fresh Stuffed Pitas.
 This Classic Greek Pita uses the same salad base and dressing 
as last week's clone for the Chicken Caesar Pita, but replaces 
the chicken and parmesan with a Greek topping that's very easy 
to make. Even though Wendy's uses a special custom pita that can't
 be bought in the stores, you can use the type that most people 
tend to slice open and fill. You won't be filling any pockets in
 this recipe (other than those in your pants with the money you save).
 Instead, you just heat up the pita, and fill it like a soft taco. 

Dressing
1/2 cup water
1/8 teaspoon dry, unflavored gelatin
1/3 cup white vinegar
1/2 cup olive oil
1/2 teaspoon finely minced red bell pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1/8 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper
dash parsley
dash oregano
dash thyme
dash basil
1 tablespoon grated Romano cheese
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons egg substitute

1 cup (4-ounce package) crumbled feta cheese
1/2 cup tomato, seeded and diced
1/4 cup cucumber, thinly sliced and chopped
1/4 cup red onion, diced
6 cups romaine lettuce, chopped
1/4 cup red cabbage, shredded
1/4 cup carrot, shredded
4 pita breads

1. Make the dressing by first dissolving the gelatin in the water.
 Heat the mixture in the microwave on high for two minutes or until
 it begins to boil rapidly. Add the vinegar, then whisk while adding
 the oil. Add bell pepper, salt, garlic powder, Worcestershire, black
 pepper, parsley, oregano, thyme and basil. Let dressing cool for 
about 15 minutes before adding cheeses and egg substitute. Whisk 
until slightly thicker, then chill. Overnight refrigeration makes
 the dressing thicker. 
2. Make the Greek topping for the sandwiches by combining the crumbled
 feta cheese, tomato, cucumber, and red onion in a small bowl.
3. Prepare the salad by combining the romaine lettuce, red cabbage
 and shredded carrot in a large bowl and toss.
4. Prepare the sandwiches by first microwaving each pita for 20 
seconds. 
5. Fold each pita in half like a taco, then add 1 to 1 1/2 cups of 
the romaine salad into the bread.
6. Add 1/2 to 1/3 cup of the greek topping to each sandwich.
7. Pour about a tablespoon of dressing over each sandwich and serve.
Serves 4. 

