Wendy's® Chicken Caesar Fresh Stuffed Pita

Early in 1997 Wendy's introduced its selection of cold 
"Fresh Stuffed" pita sandwiches -- a nice change of pace
 from the typical fast food fare. Basically what you're 
getting is a small salad wrapped in a warm pita bread. 
You might be saying to yourself "That doesn't sound like
 much for 3 bucks!" Then I would have to say, "Perhaps, 
but what if you could make a clone yourself for a mere 
fraction of that?" You would probably say, "Cool, man! 
Lay it on me." And then I would just say, "Already did." 

Dressing
1/2 cup water
1/8 teaspoon dry, unflavored gelatin
1/3 cup white vinegar
1/2 cup olive oil
1/2 teaspoon finely minced red bell pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoonWorcestershire sauce
1/8 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper
dash parsley
dash oregano
dash thyme
dash basil
1 tablespoon grated Romano cheese
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons egg substitute

2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
salt
pepper
6 cups romaine lettuce, chopped
1/4 cup red cabbage, shredded
1/4 cup carrot, shredded
4 pita breads
4 teaspoons shredded, fresh Parmesan cheese


1. Make the dressing by first dissolving the gelatin in the
 water. Heat the mixture in the microwave on high for two 
minutes or until it begins to boil rapidly. Add the vinegar,
 then whisk while adding the oil. Add bell pepper, salt,
 garlic powder, Worcestershire, black pepper, parsley, oregano,
 thyme and basil. Let dressing cool for about 15 minutes before
 adding cheeses and egg substitute. Whisk until slightly thicker,
 then chill. Overnight refrigeration makes the dressing thicker. 
2. Preheat a barbecue or indoor grill to medium heat. Salt and 
pepper the chicken, then grill it for 5 minutes per side, or until
 done. Remove chicken from the grill and dice it.
3. While chicken cooks, prepare the salad by combining the romaine
 lettuce, red cabbage and shredded carrot in a large bowl and toss.
4. Prepare the sandwiches by first microwaving each pita for 20
 seconds. 
5. Fold each pita in half like a taco, then add 1 to 1 1/2 cups of
 the romaine salad into the bread.
6. Add about 1/3 cup of diced chicken on top of the salad in the pita.
7. Pour about a tablespoon of dressing over each sandwich.
8. Sprinkle about a teaspoon of shredded fresh Parmesan on top of
 each one and serve.
Serves 4. 